about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="https://s.gravatar.com/avatar/64797861a99c84cef7d60f2c110af4d0?s=160" alt="Self Portrait" align="left" class="left-aligned-img">
This is my personal page where I would try to keep a blog and share my thoughts with everyone who might care. But "why not Facebook, Twitter and the like" you would ask? Surely we have better ways for doing this by now? Why are you so 2000? I do believe that the web is changing for the worse and we are seeding [too](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter) [much](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netflix) [power](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.) [to](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google) [few](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_(company)) [big](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft) [corporations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facebook). All American I might add! What is going on fellow Europeans? So I do many things to keep my life away from them. Like hosting my own web page. We can turn the things around to [the way they were](http://idlewords.com/talks/ancient_web.htm) however unlikely this is.

But who am I? Wasn't that the whole point of this page? Well, here we go...

### Doychin Atanasov

I am a software developer or programmer if you would like it better. As the rant above suggests, you would find way too much information about me in the open. For example, my code is [on github](https://github.com/ironsmile/), my music tastes can be found [at my last.fm account](https://www.last.fm/user/ironsmile). The books I've read and liked can be [seen in my goodreads account](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/2272644-doychin). Once in few years you might even see a [tweet from me](https://twitter.com/iron4o)! What else? Ah, yes! If you are a little persistent you may even find out which npm modules [I've published](https://www.npmjs.com/~iron4o), what [games I play](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993167534) or even which [movies I liked](https://www.imdb.com/user/ur10080240/). Well, I spoiled it for you didn't I? No intense googling for you now! Maybe this centralised collection and linking of accounts makes it much easier for all kinds of adversaries? At least I am not giving away [my keys](https://github.com/ironsmile.keys), am I? Oh, well...

### And the content?

On this side you would find a blog and collection of other quirky web stuff I might do. The blog may be hit and miss for all English speaking people as it would probably contain a mix of Bulgarian and English posts.

Commit message:

Add info for the X-Clacks-Overhead

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="https://s.gravatar.com/avatar/64797861a99c84cef7d60f2c110af4d0?s=160" alt="Self Portrait" align="left" class="left-aligned-img">
This is my personal page where I would try to keep a blog and share my thoughts with everyone who might care. But "why not Facebook, Twitter and the like" you would ask? Surely we have better ways for doing this by now? Why are you so 2000? I do believe that the web is changing for the worse and we are seeding [too](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter) [much](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netflix) [power](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.) [to](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google) [few](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_(company)) [big](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft) [corporations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facebook). All American I might add! What is going on fellow Europeans? So I do many things to keep my life away from them. Like hosting my own web page. We can turn the things around to [the way they were](http://idlewords.com/talks/ancient_web.htm) however unlikely this is. Besides, this is the only way I've found where I can send you [the clacks overhead](https://xclacksoverhead.org/).

But who am I? Wasn't that the whole point of this page? Well, here we go...

### Doychin Atanasov

I am a software developer or programmer if you would like it better. As the rant above suggests, you would find way too much information about me in the open. For example, my code is [on github](https://github.com/ironsmile/), my music tastes can be found [at my last.fm account](https://www.last.fm/user/ironsmile). The books I've read and liked can be [seen in my goodreads account](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/2272644-doychin). Once in few years you might even see a [tweet from me](https://twitter.com/iron4o)! What else? Ah, yes! If you are a little persistent you may even find out which npm modules [I've published](https://www.npmjs.com/~iron4o), what [games I play](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993167534) or even which [movies I liked](https://www.imdb.com/user/ur10080240/). Well, I spoiled it for you didn't I? No intense googling for you now! Maybe this centralised collection and linking of accounts makes it much easier for all kinds of adversaries? At least I am not giving away [my keys](https://github.com/ironsmile.keys), am I? Oh, well...

### And the content?

On this side you would find a blog and collection of other quirky web stuff I might do. The blog may be hit and miss for all English speaking people as it would probably contain a mix of Bulgarian and English posts.
